ladies and gentlemen welcome my name is
scrote and we are here with another
screwed lee experiment and this time
we're gonna be checking out how big of a
cannon we can make how big the gauge can
just get up to there are diminishing
returns but the question remains how big
will it get is there like a graphical
limit to how big it a look so first and
foremost I got to build a cannon so hang
tight
alright ladies and gentlemen cannon has
been built so what I did was I added one
elevation barrel and thirty motor-driven
barrels and in 30 recoiled barrels which
put us at a perfect 80 elevation zero
recoils zero and accuracy that means we
have no kickback we're 100% accurate
right now so I just want to make sure
that this turrets gonna work so I'm
gonna hop into my character real quick
and let's just just make sure oh I can't
get up to it hang on we'll add a little
something special here the old cabins
chair I could I could have just added a
controller over there but this is more
fun doing this gangster style boom oh
whoa oh man oh oh my gosh oh that's holy
crap that's awesome okay that looks
hilarious look at this the sky toothpick
it's reaching so high oh my gosh this
looks so whoo okay alright so now for
the real test we wanted to see what
gauge increases will do to this cannon
so let's take a look
we have 455 kinetic damage right now so
that's what we want to look at because
damage will increase as long as the
gauge increases are working and let's
just start piling some on here okay it's
pretty big let's see what we're at 2287
kinetic damage
all right let's take a look
2497 okay is it still going up I just
want to make sure 25 36 okay let's keep
going this is interesting it's still
increasing which is Wow look how huge it
is
2607 okay so it's I feel like it may
have stopped so let's remove two sets
and see if we're still at 2607 2605 oh
look at that yeah I think like one more
and we'll be maxed so here we go twenty
six oh six okay so wait a minute hang on
let me try this then let's see if it
goes higher than twenty six oh seven
that would tell us that it's still going
up 2609 alright so what we're seeing
here you were seeing the huge
diminishing returns we can actually keep
increasing the damage but now it's so
minuscule because of the 10% less for
each one that's in a chain it's not
really giving us any bonus so we are
about as big as the barrels gonna get
let's try it out oh look how slow it is
raising let's see is it still wow look
at those
feel like giant enormous bullets okay so
to top it off so that feels like you
know at some point here we we started it
just became pointless let's see how many
we added on here let's see
that's about 10 I bet I bet we have
somewhere in the range of like a hundred
right now certainly somewhere between 80
and 90 for sure I just didn't feel like
counting them all and you know that's
that's that so I want to try this out
this is really huge let me go see if we
can take a look down the barrel is that
possible is the barrel big enough hole
oh it's beautiful
oh no it's like we're at a theme park I
love it
barrel surfing right before they launch
like insanity out of it okay let's put
some explosive ammo on here just to top
her off you know we gotta get her topped
off captain like so if I can get back
onto my there we go all right let's get
some explosive ammo yeah just a little
bit we don't need too much I'm still
putting it on there for some reason even
though I said we don't need too much
okay let's let's check it out 573
explosive 2609 kinetic great let's load
in a ship let's do the river's delight
sure what is long and I'm gonna try to
shoot it I'm gonna try to shoot it if I
can let's see okay this would be sweet
here we go
oh those are some big bullets let's see
let's see if I get out of it heat this
oh we're decimating it dang this thing
is a beast I like it
Oh me want I need I need like a little
tiny helicopter that has one of these
huge barrels on it now I really like it
okay so hey guys gals this has been this
has been another scrotal experiment
we're in this episode you know we just
wanted to see how big a barrel we can
get how big the gauge gets you know what
are the diminishing returns look like
they they get very bad excuse me so you
know whatever else I can think of or you
guys can think of that we want to try
out for experiments I'm all for it just
let me know and until next time thank
you so much for stopping by take it easy
and stay classy